in the municipal of the goal in a home game
of the workers of this time and also of the
second division vs. second
classified as such makes the
disease needed to win to try
reach first place
and it was with this intention that he entered the
game
the first goal of friends, and then
silvério scored with a strike is
that joão botelho did not get the cinfães
with the score at 17
minutes and the next minute the
goalkeeper pond and avoided the second
goal of the opponent
the poor at 25 minutes arrived in the area
contrary
as it fails for some equality
it was not the game that was
isolated ran to the goal and plants and
joão botelho took the second goal from
douro's team
the two teams to break the cinfães
justified the advantage in the marker
the second part started with two
provinces of the worker joão peixoto in a
free throw at the entrance of the area shot back with
beaten factory soon will see vanin
forced the keeper of the infidels
tight defense to avoid the goal
in the other area, joão botelho led to
better in the duel with his avoiding gesture.
also that the opponent increase his
advantage in the marker and worker was
better than the opponent throughout the
second part of the domain of the game
its worth it to get to equality
joão peixoto free at the edge of the box
produced the disadvantage at 40 minutes
is a minute of the game take the end girl
took advantage of the confusion in the area of ​​the sim fans
to head for the goal that gave the
equality and is also a fair division of
points
yes but in the first part it made better
ours were more expressive in the demand
of the goal and also had an efficacy
needed to get 20 or however
back in the second part we have corrected some
errors were the farm during
first part in terms of society
the first flight of the ball and improved his
style and went through what we did
in the second part the result ends up
to be unfair because he was not defeated.
is because fans so fans during the
first part was winning 20 and already
had expressed another two or three
go doubts none was the best
field team
let's just earn that number until
I was looking for the first part
At the beginning of the second half we had more
two clear opportunities to make 3
0 and end with